# Decide for me
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/SLpjqWiXky4>
#### Description: In our lives, we face many decisions that sometimes, we are unable to make the decisions. It is nerve racking and at times, it makes us have sleepless nights as we think about our next steps. Often times, we want to make decisions that are the most optimal, thats why I have come out with a program that helps us make decisions. Firstly, the program has a main function and several other functions that run hand in hand. We firstly ask the user what kind of decisions he would like to make. He can have as many decision he wants and by a loop, it keeps asking until he types in "n". Afterwards, we ask the user what important factors he would consider in making the right decision. He can make 5 factors and this will all be placed in a list similar to the all the decisions he would like to make. Afterwards, he will be asked to rate the importance of each decision based on the factors he has stated for each decision. He will asked to rate them from 1 to 10. This keeps looping and data will be stored within a dictionary whereby the key is the decisions and the value being a list of integer with the order with respect to how the factor was listed previously. Afterwards, it wil be passed into a final dictionary called final after running function get_dictionary. Lastly, display_events_table function takes in the dictioanry final, the list of factors and the list of decision. The function then uses the prettytable to make up a table listing all the decision and the numbers for each factor for each decision. The total score will be added up for each decision and the decision with the highest score will thus be the decision with the best optimised score. This makes decision making easier with factors broken down and thus justifies you making that decision. in requirements.txt, i have included the pip installation for prettytable. in tud_test_base.py, it includes functions to be used in test_project.py for us to collect the input and ouput of the various functions we will be testing in the program. All in all, this program hopes to make the lives of users easer through these steps. In this program, I found out that various data structures can be used within each data structure. for example, a list can be used inside a dictionary to store data in the case where you want more data. a feature i would want to improve on would be how various amounts of factors can be inputed and the program can be tweaked such that it can accommodate various numbers of factors. as for now, it only accepts 5 factors which i believe is sufficient but others might want more. Another way to present the data we have found would be to present them in a form of a pie chart. A pie chart shows the relative percentages which would make users have a more comprehensive view of the results.
